User management: Noora admin
Under Veha, use the same Veha LDAP

Cluster manager:
ferguson: main server
aura: 

Amount of license total: include VM so this is not true
admin: rules, objects

Devices manager
CD: link between 2 devices: use for calculation prupose
click device summary for more information
there are more meta data in the UI

Object:
Use filter for browsing effectively

Alerts:
check for timestamp

Policy browser:
very critical for Noora work

Alert definitions in Wiki: there are desscription on alerts policy. There are SevONe and Nelli levels corresponding. When the alerts are sent in email. There are no case we have to change the policy. 

Report Manager:
Native is not used because custom report is much more powerful. Some of them are obsollete for 7+ years.

CMDB items: SurfManager: monitoring Sonera IT backbone network

Use different browser for Noora UI. Firefox for Noora UI
Health portal VehaLDAP
massey.express.sonera.net

VeHa LDAP credentials for Noora UI's

Rasmus: Report system
daily health check: whether alert workings
Show errors if there is something not working
Group: there are category to help users create reports
We can use report for our work

admin site of Rasmus: 

grouping coming from rule book : custom component in We can change the grouping in Rasmus but we should not
we can add device for sandbox and test

all of ring has been configured mannually. CSV is sent automatically to be sent to resolver

daily health check: create sandbox of random devices, cehck if we have indicator for IP, graphs for data history

in SevOne we can get the group information as well from rule book. for example: Deviec Manager => Device Grouping
Noora rule book create this grouping

Action reqired:
give us a glimps on devices that is not response to SMNP
name is not on convention
new devices has not been defined
when there is failed devices, norify resource owner Kurt, Kevin
Trigger provisioning button to check if device is respinding or not
but dont do that for group of devices, if they all have problem, it will flush the provisioning engine.
Be cautious with bulk actions
It also shows devices under provisioning
missing OS support
We do not develop new fault categories in Noora Health

Provision control
Native discovery is from SevOne discovery

System Tools
compare the grouping, for example

System control: stattistics
here is the place to find the number of devices/licenses

Rule generics, 
regex based how to provisioning

CHange report
See what changes have been done through a period of time

System reports: list all reports have been made , they are PHP

external data
This is also things we need to report
THere will be error details if there is. we can fix problem with the information

level of criticality
Date check: did not receive CSV from the source, which mean we get old CSV
Parsing Data: failure means corupted data, wrong syntax or structure
System: didferetnt teams and methods of commucnaition
tommati has tickets in tissu, moved to TeliaNow


THere is a server betwwen tomaatti betwwen it and SevOne

CMDB => Resource manager => FInd the contact needed
if CMDB is outdated, ask Telia contacts like Kevin or Kurt


6. depends on contract
7. some documentation on Noora, VeHa wiki. There are minimal documentation on
8. N/A PHP report, take a look later
9. TeliaNow related, problem management. TeliaNow is new to us, minimal tickets. Incident comes from emails mostly. How would we do this, discus with Telia
11. no example, not requried to provide
12. Not experience
13. Lopping with Kevin and Kurt, accessment on the impact, one of dailyu health cehck, monitor on of the script and it gets slow more time on investigation.
14. In VeHa, 

15. Try provisioning, Contact resource owner if if it is still failed. port check on the device, out of our scope
16. System tools, system reports
17. cahnge log, device info
18. Device not going through provisioning, comeitmes devices corupted meta data.
19. Later, but already go through some
20. We do not have documented steps
21. Will provide the list, theere are couple of things opening on the table
22.23 Admin role for DDC, user provisioning



