KT Noora 4

Questions
1. General list:
Later today
15 Operations

2. We do mannuyal work, there are atomation but not many automated script. Server status and mainly interration. Monit scripts for server status and Nelli integration. Monit is ultility server that we are not monitoring. Send email to sahred mailbox if Nelli integration breaks. Nelli integration time mainly Kurt. Script: Noora sending , mock Nelli allarm every 5mn, duymmy alarms, to make sure integration is ok.

3. Innitiated automatically device onboard, user provisioning.
We do not do user provisioning, it is Veha team. data colelction none, auto. We do not usually receive request for these things, thye are usally automated. 

Device onbaording, SMO not working, we do not get the request, it need to be initiated at SMO level. Then follow with automatation. if we add device hot fix , it will not work.

Integration, it requruies manual work. we have not seen network issue, but so far not yet with integration. In those case reach the repsonsible team. We always try to fix automation first.Most stuffs, we can do hot fix but not as 1st solution.

4. NO document procedure for booting the application, we have no done that. There was a recent boot for server ferguson in spring time, we learn that if boot occur, Noora provisioning should be stopped first. When server is booted, new process cannot started because of previous processed unfinished. Noora Provision script shoudl be stopped beforehand, 4 steps provisioning script.

There are start stop command for SevOne, we have never done but there are commands. Network guys repsonsible for that. Mark Ollikainen, busiest guy in Telia. Discuss with Kurt and Kevin first before reaching Mark Ollikainen. 

5. Not documented, it is maintained by one guy who left. He took many process with him.
There is test env, so reboot operation could be more safe.
the system has been very reliable but the procedure was not dcumented, we hesitated to try prod env because we do not know how it affect the system itself.

Test env doe snot have full integration, we do not know. We might not beable to do the same stuffs. Nelli integration is important.  

7. Check Cron on thwe server. Cron job running, it is automated. Provisioning, login, data integration transfer, data manipulation.

8. No docuemntaiton for integraiton

9. Veha team is reosnposlbe for network

10. Veha team is responsible for firewall

11. We were was asked to update CMDB but we do not have the role. CMDB:
- search for Noora
- 3 results
- goto relationship tab, show parentw
- systrm are chile
- go to server
- check if config is avialable
- We cannot immediately see configuraiton here
- Should be under Veha, CMDB is not

12. Show in health check for trigger condition


To do list
- get access to sjhraed mail box is most important

Daily Health Check

- At server: a) Check fatals b) Check exporter script runtime
- At SevOne NMS: a) Cluster b) Alarms c) New devices
- At Rasmus: a) Alarms b) Report
- At Rasmus Admin: a) Jitter from random device
- At Health Portal:
    a) Action Required
    b) Provisioning control
    c) System control
    d) Change report
    e) System report
    f) External data
    g) Device dashboard

Server: SuperPutty, recokmended by colleges, Tealia
This is avialable in Portal.

ferguson is the main server
check the fatals, 1 liner command, not sure about origin, passed in accenture KT
check user, 1 liner  command, not sure about origin, passed in accenture KT. It has been slower recently.
4000 is threashold of being too slow

the script had some problem before, in the future we might discuss new checkup for daily health check

fatals: we investigate

SevOne NMS: VeHa LDAP credentials for Noora
TCAD id, Veha password
Cluster Manager first
- check peers, they are pooler, aura is the blow of a trucker. Total License Consumption is mot important. This is not real because of VM. shoudl not reach 100%. Trigger consition: if grows rapidly, 1% per day, depends on the devices, and types of devices, (0.5% is already crucial). Follow the trends of capacity. It should not exceed 95%. ot allowed to reach 100%. Aura 7 is low because it is for certain type of devices.

In theory, pooler coudl be installed, capacity could be distributed again, and get lower. Planf or 10th aura, frozen at the moment. Noora has much more cusotm features that some works would nbe requried outside SevOne, we do not have documentation on how this coudk be added.

Alarms: admin messages, goes away. Log in log out to check if the admin messages still there. 

Alerts, check if they are flwon in, check timestamps, compare to system time. Make sure filters are correct. 15 mn of no alerts would be not normal.

DDC: 4000 alerts, not managed. No one is managing
SevOne NMS: 330 alaerts, if drastically 600 should contact RM. Philosophy: Onyl create relevant alert, and we react to all alert.

Device Managers: 
see latest updates

Rasmus: Veha LDAP
Run alert report
View by severity
critical alert
click select
Run report
Data is flown to rasmus
98 alerts is considered to be realistic. 300 woudl be alarming. Coudl be followed together with SevOne to see the trend. If Noora grows, hgher alerts would be normal.
It is fine to ppke aroudn and play with the dashboard
We can check alert details, what object created the problem

Alert tree view
Device group

Sandbox: populated with test and ultility report
CHeck report
Pay attention to spiper spiky graph

Rasmus Admin: LDAP Veha
Device group, sandbox button
 press device button, open list of devices
Show numebr of eentries
Pick a random device, click get object
list of objects
chose top object
choose jitter

Can chose top most items

This is for cehcking Rasmus Admin working correctly
Included in Tiga role Noora Admin
=================

- At Health Portal: LDAP Veha
    a) Action Required
    b) Provisioning control
    c) System control
    d) Change report
    e) System report
    f) External data
    g) Device dashboard


We go through every tab
Device snot repsoinding tyo provisioning
If the first 3 lsits change, we need to notify RM
If the list doe snot change, we can document and see if it is ever chagne

Provision control
First provision control lsit is most important, should be followed. 20 is a lot. Follow a few minutes, check for phase change by clicking update.

COudl be provisioning script not running, server boot coudl cause provisioning engigne does not work.

Check external data tab, cehck provisioning tab

Errors: investigate why end up here, by checkign description. No daily escalation here

Discuss not provisioned errors here another session

User might reach us about devices not going through

System Tools (not daily)
Check device data of error device
System anomalies for more stats

System COntrol
System statistics: Another way of viewing capacity, cehck the amount of enabled obecjcts, disable, deleted ..etc
Why ferguson has enabled obejcts
shoudl be same numebr as SevOne
No escalation

Change reports
Powerful tool, deep diving in another session
Investigating tool, not escalate
1 imporant escalate threshold: huge amoutn of changes: 100 changes is a lot. mention that to RM kevin, kurt. Object change is much more.


Grou name: network ring
Take weekly report once a week. Weekly we list to telia what new groups have been created.

modififed group, group has been present
physical change; disabling of the devices.
if multiple of normal amount: notify RM
device remove, config issues disable trhe card, if they do not have ram, the problems contains.
This is normal amount

Red: groups that has all members remove
weekly we list the red empty groups

Ssytem reports
Run "exporter group report" => get the same reports from change report

Daily health check => check if the gerateion works
escalation path: check the PHP logs

External data:
amoutn fo grresn in external data validation:
- data parsing
- date check
- MIT, warngn is fine
- NOORA skipped is normal
- never file exist amnd read access error

Device Dashboard
take random device, start with "fi"
press Info sub tab
Noora provisioning engine load: normal => report weekly 
Hover the word "normal" see how many devices are in differnt phases here

EVery steps of the DHC, will reveal an issue. Report to Telia. soiler: years talk of modernizing the syttem for Noora. Obsolete API call network, architecture is really well built.

Next:
deep diving in to some issue,
integration to Nelli