Session 7
7. we hav eweekly meeting fo rNoora and Telia, we can determine hwo to continue, with Kevin and Kurt. Additional can be scheduled but we maanged with weekly meeting,for status update, qwuesitons which are not urgent. Somtiems we do service requrest or incident in weekly meeting as well. Status reprot is based on DHC, we wucikly go through parts of Noora. Most of the time it is fine, there have been abnomaly in change report we want to point out.

8. Not in active development, npo need to measure those. No knowledge whether we have such measurements outside of Joonas work.

9. This is based on contract of Infosys of Telia

10. We have clean up scripts, it is more reaction of provisioning having higher load than normal. In the past the system ahs been rebooted by Telia person, it was incident and the boot was done to fixed the issue.

Looping Telia on capacity go over, incident based reaction, frequent preventive maintenance.

11. Title: IT Operation take snapshot of Noora in Veha env, there is no more info aviaalable so far. The doc is in Joonas local machine. Noora found Noora runbook.

12. 47 pages of Noora runbook, there is section for admin, Nora Health Portal and Rasmus has no trianing material for end user. End user is the network engineer.

Session 8

- Rescehduled

Shadow Session 8

Open case: Integration of Helix to Noora
FIrewall
endpoint
farmiliar with Nelli
Discussion in Teams

Kevin has access to Fireproof secure app
Form we used for a request
Kevin will evaluate the opening, then disucss who will develop
Kurt point out conencting to Kimmo Rouhiainen, Mark Ollikainen (handle firewall)
Fireproff is used to request for firewall opening

Open Ticket:
Recap: take device name out

Go to Noora SevOne, login

"AlertMailer failed to send 5 alerts"
Waiting for the person to comeback on Monday

Link is missing, we will run port check, and do re provisioning, then we if it works again.

Go to Noora Health
Case: SMO screenshot in different state than Noora
Safely try to re provision
For a few devices it is ok, not be caution if do with a bunch

Back to SevOne
Back to CLuster manager to alert, we look for the logs
Open main applciation server IP => SYstme Logs tab => last 1000 lines
alertmailer.log  => see the time, most recent check for alert.

Clear cache
Object manager, link Bundle 3 is still missing

Check Calculation Ediotr, check for the Calculation (need at least 15mn to pool new data) verify the data in the graph

Bundle 4 and 6 is fixed, for bundle 3 we loop in Kurt, we chat with Kurt. Asking him whether we need a port check => Build new CSV config of the device, did not run port check (provisioning), sent to Noora.

Check the provisioning log
Run as provisor, tail deviceRinner
Noora

Suggested logs: devicePinner, 

reprovision and check the 2st one, 

/var/log/provisor

cehck the folder of the CSV file, try
