SSH to server
run one liner
change to provisor user
run one liner

Go to SevOne, login
Cluster Manager, check capacity, liscence number
Check the alerts
Device manager, 1 new device that we added yesterday

FireFox, Rasmus
CHeck for alerts

Grou reports
Sandbox
Noora memory Ultilization
CHeck

Device Group Manager
Check for the topmost items

Noora Health Check

Action required, checked for 3 dashboarded
Provision Control
System COntrol statistics

Change Report
Check for 1 day

System Report
Cehck Exporter gruop report

External Data check
Data rows, and other

Device Dashboard
Check most recent provisioning, then from SevOne check for the fetching error

Check edit this device SFP
SevONe bug with the weird character
SevOne save it to the database with the wrong character
It cause the API call failt => no XML data for Noora Health
Go to device, 
Kurt has info on this.
Low amount of this problem exsists
This is most common reasons for XML problem
Rami has reachede to us, 1 uyear ago,
Action: llik at the list in Noora Health Portal with problems liek this. 

IBM has been contacted by the issued. It is IBM problem. 

Back to Noora Health Portal

If there is a problem, best plac eto check is the Device Bashboard in Npora Health

The XML is actually the problewm with some Noora part

Rami is the person who has problem witht he weird character, he discussed with Kurt about that.

He disabled 1 device and ticket to replace the SFP

The problem is with SFP
Ari made a report for Rami, that ask for SFP information
THe proiblem was 1 number in Hex encoding
=> SOAP call are failed adn custom script and report use SOAP also failed

Check for the location of the report

SSH to ferguson,
change to user provisor
cd var/www/custom/health/reports/

/var/www/custom/health/reports
Location of Noora Health Portal reports

PHP scripts nad info files


1. Gather DHC to XLS, we can use our own method, weekly we biereflyt to throguh items and focus on thigns that have important things going on. Rreview on meeting with Telia. Solve things in the meeting
2. Quarterly, GRC protolcol are used for vulnerability. Most of the stuffs, GRC is a separate KT form Telia. Splunk is a tool for monitoring vulnerability. Noora partially use that tool.
Ask Biplob about GRC KT, it is diferent freqwuncy on reporting
3. Aleksi and Joonas has not been discussing with Telia about this
4. We dont provide weekly report. Asok if has knowledge we can askj as well
5. When we have Veha we can get access, will ask Kevin
6. Limit of documentsation, we will sahre when we get share solution.


Evaluate knwoledge, identify gap in information, check notes.
from 7 will start next week.


System Reports
